index.md, before:

## Fyne Conf 2024

Fyne Conf 2024 will be our biggest ever event - to be held in Berlin, Germany and streamed online.

The event will take place on 20th September 2024 in a central Berlin location still to be confirmed.

This event is a chance to learn more about Fyne and how it can be used to
easily build robust and performant cross platform applications.
We will showcase useful techniques, best practices, new features and existing applications from around the community.
Novice to expert - coder, tester or designer - there is something for everyone.

<div class="button" markdown="1">
[Call for Papers](https://www.papercall.io/fyneconf2024)
</div>

## Location

Fyne Conf 2024 will be held in Berlin, Germany as well as online for virtual attendees.

## Speakers

To be confirmed - why not [submit a presentation proposal](https://www.papercall.io/fyneconf2024)?

## Sponsorship

This event is sponsored by:

<a href="https://justrelate.com" style="text-decoration: none" alt="JustRelate" title="JustRelate"><img src="assets/img/justrelate.svg" style="margin-left: -18pt;" height="112" /></a>
<a href="https://fynelabs.com" style="text-decoration: none" alt="Fyne Labs" title="Fyne Labs"><img src="assets/img/fynelabs.png" style="padding: 14pt 0;" width="154" /></a>

We would be happy to welcome more sponsors to this event, please get in touch!

## Support or Contact

Looking to find out more? The Fyne team can be contacted
in the ways described on our [main website](https://fyne.io/#contact).


## Archive

If you are interested in previous conferences and the session recordings, you can find them in this archive:

* [FyneConf 2023](/archive/2023) - Edinburgh
* [FyneConf 2022](/archive/2022) - Online
* [FyneConf 2021](/archive/2021) - Online
* [FyneConf 2020](/archive/2020) - Online
* [FyneConf 2019](/archive/2019) - Online

Commit message:

Update with venue and ticket details

index.md, after:

## Fyne Conf 2024

Fyne Conf 2024 will be our biggest ever event - to be held in Berlin, Germany and streamed online.

The event will take place on 20th September 2024 at the [Axica congress centre](https://www.axica.de/), in central Berlin.

This event is a chance to learn more about Fyne and how it can be used to
easily build robust and performant cross platform applications.
We will showcase useful techniques, best practices, new features and existing applications from around the community.
Novice to expert - coder, tester or designer - there is something for everyone.

<div class="button" markdown="1">
[Call for Papers](https://www.papercall.io/fyneconf2024)
 &nbsp;-&nbsp; 
[Book your Ticket](https://fyneconf2024.eventbrite.co.uk)
</div>

## Location

Fyne Conf 2024 will be held at the Axica congress centre in Berlin, Germany as well as online for virtual attendees.

The venue is situated adjacent to the Brandenburg Gate so there will be a chance for sight-seeing as well.
Plenty of accomodation and transport links are available nearby.

Access is strictly limited, so please [sign up now](https://fyneconf2024.eventbrite.co.uk) to book your space.

## Speakers

To be confirmed - why not [submit a presentation proposal](https://www.papercall.io/fyneconf2024)?

## Sponsorship

This event is sponsored by:

<a href="https://justrelate.com" style="text-decoration: none" alt="JustRelate" title="JustRelate"><img src="assets/img/justrelate.svg" style="margin-left: -18pt;" height="112" /></a>
<a href="https://fynelabs.com" style="text-decoration: none" alt="Fyne Labs" title="Fyne Labs"><img src="assets/img/fynelabs.png" style="padding: 14pt 0;" width="154" /></a>

We would be happy to welcome more sponsors to this event, please get in touch!

## Support or Contact

Looking to find out more? The Fyne team can be contacted
in the ways described on our [main website](https://fyne.io/#contact).


## Archive

If you are interested in previous conferences and the session recordings, you can find them in this archive:

* [FyneConf 2023](/archive/2023) - Edinburgh
* [FyneConf 2022](/archive/2022) - Online
* [FyneConf 2021](/archive/2021) - Online
* [FyneConf 2020](/archive/2020) - Online
* [FyneConf 2019](/archive/2019) - Online
